Made the new JavaScript SDK more prominent (#5131)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-node: README.md

# Announcing the new Azure SDK for JavaScript

> We are excited to announce that we are building a new [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js), which includes both Node.js and Browser support! 

Reviewer: This here doesn't tell me that the new sdk is being built elsewhere until I click on the link or read the next couple of lines
Text like this is also used to announce a new project in the repo where the readme lives.

Consider including a line on how the new project replaces the one in this repo?

The following will help you update your application to the new SDK and related packages.

- **Packages**: 
    - All of the management plane SDKs (`azure-arm-*`) and most of the data plane SDKs (`azure-*`), along with the rollup package [azure](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure) in this repository, are deprecated as of **July, 2019**. They have been replaced by the [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js) packages.

>     - The new actively managed packages in [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js) support both Node.js and the Browser and ship with TypeScript type definitions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The new actively managed packages in [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js) support both Node.js and Browser. They also ship with TypeScript type definitions.
```

>     - You will find all equivalent JavaScript packages in `@azure` org on npm for the existing Node.js SDK package. For example, [azure-arm-compute](https://www.npmjs.com/package/azure-arm-compute) Node.js SDK's equivalent JavaScript SDK is [@azure/arm-compute](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@azure/arm-compute). 

Reviewer: While it is straight forward to find equivalent packages for the management libraries, it is not that simple for data plane libraries.

Should we consider updating the table at https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-node/blob/af611c0d8a14882fe941022194ae2786410a8d6e/README.md#azure-service-modules to include a column which points to the equivalent library/libraries?

For example, `azure-keyvault` and `azure-storage` both are split into 3 different libraries.
`azure-sb` is replaced with `@azure/service-bus` with the a whole new implementation and different api

Author: I removed this line as it should be covered in the migration guide that is already linked.

    - All of the management plane SDKs for the V1 Azure API (Azure Service Management) `azure-asm-*` will continue to be maintained from the Azure SDK for Node.js repository. We expect customers using these packages to move to Azure Resource Manager API packages at their earliest convenience.

> - **Breaking Changes**: Apart from the noticable changes in **require/import** statements, we have tried our best to make minimal breaking changes in the API calls.

Reviewer: While this statement is true for management libraries, it is not true for the data plane libraries. Examples are key vault, storage and service bus.

I would suggest to remove this line altogether

> - **Migration**: You can find more information on migrating your code from **Azure SDK for Node.js** to the new **Azure SDK for JavaScript** [here](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Migration.md).

Reviewer: Link text like `here` doesn't help screenreader users much.

```suggestion
- **Migration**: See the [migration guide](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/blob/master/documentation/Migration.md) to find pointers on how to migrate your code from using **Azure SDK for Node.js** to the new **Azure SDK for JavaScript** .
```

## Azure SDK for Node.js

> > NOTE: As of July, 2019, this repository applies to the V1 Azure API (Azure Service Management) only. All other packages will be replaced by the [Azure SDK for JavaScript](https://github.com/azure/azure-sdk-for-js). Please see the note above for more information.

Reviewer: > All other packages will be replaced by the [Azure SDK for JavaScript]

This is not entirely accurate...

From the table at https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-node/blob/af611c0d8a14882fe941022194ae2786410a8d6e/README.md#azure-service-modules, the below libraries don't seem to have a counterpart
- azure-gallery
- azure-monitoring
- azure-scheduler

@amarzavery Any ideas on why the above don't have a counterpart in the new repo?

Author: I reworded to be less specific.
